0 The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), previously known as Next Generation Space Telescope (NGST), is a 
1 part of NASA's ongoing Flagship program and developed in cooperation with the European Space Agency and 
2 Canadian Space Agency. It is under construction and scheduled to launch in October 2018. The JWST will 
3 offer unprecedented resolution and sensitivity from long-wavelength (orange-red) visible light, through 
4 near-infrared to the mid-infrared (0.6 to 27 micrometers). While the Hubble Space Telescope has a 2.4-meter
5 and will be located near the Earth–Sun L2 point. A large sunshield will keep its mirror and four science
6 instruments below 50 K (−220 °C; −370 °F).
7 JWST's capabilities will enable a broad range of investigations across the fields of astronomy and 
8 cosmology.[5] One particular goal involves observing some of the most distant events and objects in the 
9 Universe, such as the formation of the first galaxies. These types of targets are beyond the reach of 
10 current ground and space-based instruments. Another goal is understanding the formation of stars and 
11 planets. This will include direct imaging of exoplanets.
12 In gestation since 1996,[6] the project represents an international collaboration of the European Space 
13 Agency, Canadian Space Agency and team members of other countries led by NASA.[7] It is named after James 
14 E. Webb, the second administrator of NASA, who played an integral role in the Apollo program.[8]
15 NASA has described JWST as the scientific successor of the Hubble Space Telescope, but not a replacement, 
16 because the capabilities are not identical.[9] JWST has the objective to see high-redshift objects, 
17 typically both older and farther away than previous instruments could assess.[10] The result was to extend 
18 the life of Hubble until JWST as the next generation telescope could go online.[10] This led to a radically
19  altered design for JWST to obtain images deeper into the infrared than Hubble, and beyond the capabilities
20  of the Infrared Space Observatory and Spitzer Space Telescope.
21 In December 2016, NASA announced that the JWST has passed major milestones, including completion of its 
22 primary mirror and integration of science instruments with the payload module, and is undergoing acoustic 
23 and extreme vibration testing to simulate launch conditions
